so oh yeah there we
go
perfect we've been having all sorts of
crazy network issues that I've been
trying to deal with over the last couple
of hours
but uh I figure that's driving me crazy
so I got a meeting in a bit but I
figured I'd do a little bit of stuff on
here now and then I'll be back later in
the afternoon afterwards uh to finish
stuff up so first of all I want to say a
big thank you for 1,000 stars on puffer
lib that's
awesome this is some crazy
growth and there are all sorts of people
in the Discord asking stuff about Puff
for all the time and how to use it and
like you know what stuff that they could
do with it it's pretty
cool so what I want to
do um
today first of
all this is now fairly
stable uh this puffer Leb where is
released what on Earth is wrong with
GitHub
bizarre I don't know what's up with
GitHub today but
uh we've been having weird Tech stuff
around here but anyways puff. we've got
single file C
implementation of various different
layers so this is an lstm
a
con got linear and some activations and
we can load from
pytorch so this is what we're going to
be
integrating uh with the Moa and
hopefully later
today we'll be able to take this demo
and we'll be able to actually have these
guys you know running around with at
least something of a reasonable policy
it's going to be a little bit iffy just
because um
we have some network issues that are
preventing me from getting our cluster
to train some better
policies but I'm hoping that we'll at
least get this all set up and fix some
bugs in this environment so that we can
have it available for
training and upload
something so let's just do that for a
little bit here
right so if I
recall we had some issues with the
environment code
yesterday probably just from the port
that we had to figure
out we had some issues with the code
deig out for
fine somewhere in
here we have some
issues but I think that the first thing
to
do is it going to be to figure out why
it is that towers are attacking stuff
across the
yeah what advice would you give to a new
PhD student in
RL honestly that's a hard one
because the most impactful areas of RL
right now are areas that acad
fundamentally does not respect like at
all let me give you proof of
that so perer just hit a thousand stars
today right fastest growing
oh wait no is this the right one how the
heck did it go to this
one okay here it is this is even
worse so we had one good review on
this and then the other
ones we get one reject review with like
a completely unreasonable
discussion uh and then we get one review
here that's literally like AI generated
spam where they make like 60 bullet
points some of which are incoherent one
of them literally asks me what a GPU
is people hate libraries and people hate
like technical progress so it's very
hard to do anything at the moment
because from what I've
seen it's like the key barriers in RL
right now are mostly nobody's built
anything hper enough to get any
anywhere
um and the algorithm side is like really
uninteresting cuz like there's been very
little progress there so let me think if
I can let me think are there any actual
areas where like you can make any
progress and Academia won't like roast
you for
know it's a depressing
answer but I literally I can't think of
a single area in RL right now where you
could do useful work and not have
Academia make your life utter hell for
it and that's the sad truth of
it like all the interesting stuff is in
like you know making it high per Sims
for a variety of domains
uh you know automating experimentation
doing like the basic science of like
rechecking all the old work that was not
done thoroughly enough
right that's
tricky I wish I could give you a better
answer but like unfortunately like I've
I'm out of Academia because of what a
pain it
was slow M training took hours it's yeah
it's ridiculous
right and the thing is like if you just
make the a thousand times faster they'll
just be like you know three clear reject
it's really kind of impossible to do
anything in Academia when they're just
they're so resistant to anything that
remotely resembles progress like unless
you're publishing a sexy new algorithm
that's probably completely useless and
like doesn't work outside of the like
problem that you've cherry-picked for it
like that's all they want it's
ridiculous that's why the field has been
stuck there's been like no appreciable
progress in RL since
2019 and that's what like that's what
I'm here changing right but I'm not
doing it in Academia cuz I can't I can't
deal with that
anymore practically oriented conference
yeah but
like you know I'm at MIT I was at MIT
the expectation is nurs or you know top
tier conference
right and plus like you want want to go
to nurs to talk with all the scientists
and you want to like you know be able to
share your work broadly
it's it's very depressing the state of
it but it's what it is at the
moment it depends on your lab I guess
like the games people they can still do
cool stuff because like they're fine
publishing it like cogs and stuff like
they publish stuff on like the games
conference because you know some of
their stuff is like RL for games not
just games for RL but when you're like
in the RL like games for RL side it's
harder I don't know it's tough It's like
just like a completely miserable bunch
of
people in the review
what's your goal until the end of the I
don't know man I mean I'm pretty darn
happy we hit a thousand on it uh the
grow like the the goal is mainly to keep
growing it but like at this point the
hope is now to get uh to get revenue for
puffer so like I'm building all this
stuff um but I also it's now it's time
to start getting some industry clients
so we can start growing it out and
that'll get me some more resources to be
able to um you know support more open
source work and the like that's the
current
goal but you know I can't just be doing
that stuff all day I got to be building
doesn't help anybody to just be
uh you know not on the technical side
all
day let's
anything I guess the next one of the
next Milestones so I track two different
metrics I track stars and I also track
Twitter growth so I think 5K Stars which
should happen pretty soon I mean 5k
followers will happen pretty
soon is going to be the next one I post
lots of tech stuff on here it's like I
pretty much post exclusively Tech RL so
if you're on Twitter and haven't
followed this it's JS
5341 oops I forgot this guy I just set
up a
meeting for
there we go here's the attack so we can
see here this is like attacking at crazy
distances which is weird because it's
not scanning them
I mean this is so close to being
done basically as soon as we get the
major bugs out of this uh we'll be able
to start training on the C version of
the environment and like iterating new
policies and iterating the game and you
all will be able to play around with it
as well
idea this is line
536 here's what we're going to do
we're going to run this so that we drop
into a
debug we drop into a debug and here
we'll
uh play the
tank and we'll see when this thing
breaks
okay so this
is something a little weird
right
player player
PID so this is a
tower player
y
x
orget y
[Music]
uh
L2 L1
wait this to
Target it's 10.04
10.4 so
maybe the threshold should not be 10 I
think it's 12
technically yeah it's like if it's
greater than 12 I
think cuz it's I forgot there there's a
rounding
tired I guess just all the dev and stuff
is caught up to
me we're still getting some pretty darn
productive days in
though I think I can keep pushing a
little bit more or I need to take a
little bit of a break
okay so right
there I'm going to guess right here that
it's going to attack it
113 yeah so right here it
is it killed the Target and then it's
going to attack again
again at this crazy distance so we got
to fix
I'm trying to think like what the best
way to fix this is what debugger GDB my
friend just
GDB the current the current stack is C
clang and GDB
folks I'm trying to think how we want to
do this because
like so let me show you what's happening
here
and I don't think that this is all of
the bugs I think that there are some
more bugs as
like it doesn't scan on every single
tick and like if you step out of
range it doesn't
update like if you step out of range it
doesn't update
that's really
bad technically I could just put a hard
distance check on
attacking
right let's start with that
maybe for
we'll just put like this on here for now
and then we'll consider adding like a
range
parameter I don't know if this is how I
want to do it though
this is kind of weird
right I have to think about what's going
to be really efficient
here cuz these scanning and checks are
like a huge portion of the compute
going feels kind of dumb like that
though
have I can just have it return an error
code if you're uh if you're too far from
the Target right
oops let's just run this and see what
happens I want to see if I leak
anything I mean fundamentally I can't
leak stuff here right let me just see if
anything else weird happens basically
oops there's
this I gota
get I got like 10 minutes and then I got
to go for meeting I'll be back after
that what is up with these like
crazy these crazy lines
right and then nothing crazy should
happen because it can't attack
anymore let's make sure there's nothing
dumb
puffer so we just destroy
these and like we do get
hit there's nothing weird where like
they can't hit me anymore or
something and we just go like
this uh the teleporting puffers is a
little Jank
yeah I think that with the teleporting
ones we need to
do we need to fix the
teleports it's a little weird
I think why it's happening like this at
the moment
somewhat we also have to fix the
map these Sprites are not offset to
where they should
be okay so I'm still what the heck is
like this attack line that
it's shooting me across the map
right that doesn't make sense for
respawned we should get instantly
respawn now
be we definitely need to come up with
like a better way of doing these spawn
functions I've got to go in a few
minutes but I think what we're going to
have to do later in the afternoon here
probably in like an
hour I'm going to just have to go
through meticulously and look at the way
that we're doing spawning and respawning
and stuff because like there's all sorts
of data that needs to get Set uh every
time you move or respawn stuff and if
you don't get it right then it messes up
the game State and it also messes up the
renderer I can start on it just
player it should just be spawn player
right
see if this
works yeah so everything still seems
like it works
here okay but like there are too many
different functions
here so I got to run for now but we're
going to fix this afterwards um I'll be
back in I don't know like hour is
probably and uh yeah we'll figure out
from there but uh in the
meantime thanks folks for th000 on
puffer that's awesome and uh I think
that today later in the afternoon we're
going to be able to get this web demo I
mean the hope for today at least is that
we can update this web demo to actually
have the agents playing it live I'll be
back in like an hour